[Music]
when I was 14 I got my first job in the
salon and I've been there ever since I
go to work I do makeup all day and then
I finish I come home and I do makeup all
night
yeah I probably do need to get out a
little bit actually I mean I've got
nerves but I feel like they're good
nerves got like a little fire up my bum
I'm literally fitting makeup looks
around washing bottles doing washing
changing nappies in this competition I
am NOT mum I'm sneeze I'm the makeup
artist you're right you're not allowed
to talk to me really oh yeah circus
there's taken a long time to be diet
this is you this is a skin you were
given now I feel happy and I feel like a
little ray of sunshine I've got a little
mantra like to get myself to the mirror
real quick and I'm looking around say
your talent in your brain is big so I've
just finished the eyes I've been like
holding my breasts for the past half an
hour we're just trying to get a little
detail like perfect I have about 160 to
thousand followers on Instagram I post
all my looks on there if one day I wake
up and think hey I want to turn myself
into a painting I'll just sell myself
into painting a post on there and very
much go bald or go home like there's no
other way last year the mus came in and
they really blew us away so this year I
won that bar raised higher average work
just won't cut it thing I want to see
creativity I want to see art I had a lot
going on with my childhood that kind of
distracted me from my academic work
makeup is always kind of make me feel
empowered I actually couldn't hand on
heart picture myself doing anything else
but makeup
I want to win this I grew up in the
middle of nowhere
next Aberdeen right now my dream job is
to just be part of a team on a big TV
show or a big movie and then it's like
my name comes up in this credit you got
good skin and I'm jealous look at me I
look like a drag queen oh I'm like the
black sheep of the family but I stuck
within your arm I don't care
entering this competition hopefully will
prove to my parents that I can be a
professional makeup artist and that they
were wrong I love yellow I just love it
so I love when you find a good one
makeup to me means more than just
putting a bit of powder on his face
want to be a makeup artist who's also
the creative director because he's
usually a photographer or the stylist I
think it's about time to make up artist
has more of a safe this is an enormous
opportunity to be able to go from
computer Hannah to actually creative
Hannah I want to do the thing that I
love doing in my spare time full-time it
just means gonna surreal actually being
in this room it definitely does not feel
real to me right now
I was always an artistic 8 but growing
up as a closeted gay country boy I had
to act and be a certain way I'm still
very much a country boy from Ireland but
I've come a long way
there's nothing you're saying that's
gonna make this excusable next time
you're given a brief stick to it are you
taking this seriously